when anyone offers a grain offering to
the Lord his offering shall be of fine
flour and he shall pour oil on it and
put frankincense on it he shall bring it
to Aaron's sons the priests one of whom
shall take from it his handful of fine
flour and oil with all the frankincense
and the priests shall burn it as a
memorial on the altar an offering made
by fire a sweet aroma to the Lord the
rest of the grain offering shall be
Aaron's and his sons it is most holy of
the offerings to the Lord made by fire
and if you bring as an offering a grain
offering baked in the oven
it shall be unleavened cakes of fine
flour mixed with oil or unleavened
wafers anointed with oil but if your
offering is a grain offering baked in a
pan it shall be a fine flour unleavened
mixed with oil you shall break it in
pieces and pour oil on it it is a grain
offering
if your offering is a grain offering
baked in a covered pan it shall be made
of fine flour with oil you shall bring
the grain offering that is made of these
things to the Lord and when it is
presented to the priest he shall bring
it to the altar then the priest shall
take from the grain offering a memorial
portion and burn it on the altar it is
an offering made by fire a sweet aroma
to the Lord and what is left of the
grain offering shall be Aaron's and his
sons it is most holy of the offerings to
the Lord made by fire no grain offering
which you bring to the Lord shall be
made with leaven for you shall burn no
leaven nor any honey in any offering to
the Lord made by fire as for the
offering of the firstfruits you shall
offer them to the Lord but they shall
not be burned on the altar for a sweet
aroma and every offering of your grain
offering you shall season with salt
you shall not allow the salt of the
Covenant of your God to be lacking from
your grain offering with all your
offerings you shall offer salt if you
offer a grain offering of your
firstfruits to the Lord you shall offer
for the grain offering of your
firstfruits green heads of grain roasted
on the fire grain beaten from full heads
and you shall put oil on it and lay
frankincense on it it is a grain
offering then the priests shall burn the
memorial portion part of its beaten
grain and part of its oil with all the
frankincense as an offering made by fire
to the Lord